# senior-project
During my time researching and developing ideas for what to do with my senior project I had to think of ideas that not only would play into my strengths but also could challenge me into learning new languages and libraries. With that being said, I have decided to design a website that displays art pieces that you can buy, sell, view, and even just upload to gather feed back on. During the making of this site, I plan to use languages and frameworks such as HTML, CSS, NodeJS, Angular, Nest.JS, TypeORM while also incorporating detailed security measures to be able to store credit card information and account information. 

During the making of this website there is a lot I plan on getting done. However, for now these are the aspects I am thinking of, first off when the user goes to my page, I want there to be sort of a really spiced up cover page that grabs the user’s attention and asks them if they would like to sign in, make an account, or continue as guest. If the user decides to just go for the continue as guest option then they will be redirected to the home page where they can see what the page is all about and art that currently in the showcase for the month. Next they will be able to view the art that is for sale but will not be able to use the like feature as well as purchase anything or sell. These features will be locked to consumers without an account because I would have to be able to store information about the user to allow them to like, buy, or sell pieces. Next if they choose to create an account then they will be redirected to a page where they can create an account and enter in all of the different information to become a verified user. After, they are done they will be taken back to the home page as their new user account and have the option to buy, sell, and like art pieces. If these users choose to like art pieces, then in the account tab they will see a “liked” tab where they can view each piece they liked. However if a piece they have saved in their liked section has been bought then they will be notified and the piece will be removed from their likes. If a user chooses to sign in, then they will be redirected immediately to the home page and have the same abilities as someone who just created an account. As a wish list of ideas that if I have time, I will try an implement will be the ability to create digital art within the site itself and try to connect digital currency to be an option for payment instead of just money.  
